study.md, before:

# Game Project Scope Study

## Required Readings

-   [Game Project](https://github.com/ga-wdi-boston/game-project)
-   [Game API](https://github.com/ga-wdi-boston/game-project-api)
-   [What is a User Story](https://www.mountaingoatsoftware.com/agile/user-stories)

## Deliverables

After reading the `game-project` prompt and the `game-project-api` documentation
please do the following and be prepared to share and discuss during our next
class.

Submit detailed answers to the following in this file via a pull request:

-   A wireframe of what your game project will look like.
-   The data structure you plan to use.
-   How you will take the markup of the game board and represent it in JS
-   How you plan to approach this project.
-   4-8 user stories for your game project.
-   How you plan to keep your code modular.
-   What creative spin will you add to your project?
-   How will you use version control to backup / track your project?
-   Do you plan to attempt any of the bonuses?

You may want to submit pictures for your wireframes and/or user stories.
[Markdown Cheatsheet](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet)
has instructions to link to a picture you've uploaded to a service like [Imgur](http://imgur.com/).

Commit message:

Project scope study
Did some preplanning for the game. I have a good idea of how I want it
to look and function. I am modeling my game after a very good looking
project I feel will be easy to implement on the API we are given.

study.md, after:

# Game Project Scope Study

## Required Readings

-   [Game Project](https://github.com/ga-wdi-boston/game-project)
-   [Game API](https://github.com/ga-wdi-boston/game-project-api)
-   [What is a User Story](https://www.mountaingoatsoftware.com/agile/user-stories)

## Deliverables

After reading the `game-project` prompt and the `game-project-api` documentation
please do the following and be prepared to share and discuss during our next
class.

Submit detailed answers to the following in this file via a pull request:

-   A wireframe of what your game project will look like.
-   The data structure you plan to use.
    The backend is handled by the API so I plan to simply the API for the backend data.
    For the front end it will be a simple matter of local variable to handle my data.
-   How you will take the markup of the game board and represent it in JS
    I plan to use Jquery to manipulate the CSS to give the game a more dynamic
    fell.
-   How you plan to approach this project.
    I am not the best at coming up with all of this off the top of my head. I
    have found good code to mimic and am planning to build using the code I found
    as a template and build it on our API. I am trying to do this in a manner
    that allows me to write as little custom code as possible so I can try to get
    more features in. I am planning to use prebuilt CSS animations and as much
    other re-useable code that I can.
-   4-8 user stories for your game project.
    1) As a user I would like to be able play a game of tic tac toe with a friend
       without having to worry about when each of us takes our turn.
    2) As a user I would like to make my gameboard personalized.
    3) As a developer I would like the ability to track the number of games played
       and by what users so I can use this data later on.
    4) As a user I would like to interact with the other player or leave messages.        
-   How you plan to keep your code modular.
    CSS for style and for animation are separate. I will have a file for my
    JS logic, backend calls, and UI all in separate files.
-   What creative spin will you add to your project?
    I am hoping to create an option for custom icons on the board instead of X's
    and O's. I also saw someone make dynamic color themes so I plan to implement that
    and if I have time, maybe the ability for a custom board - perhaps with different
    backgrounds.I am also thinking maybe having a message feature, not a live chat
    but perhaps a message box for you to leave messages to the other player.
-   How will you use version control to backup / track your project?
    I plan to use git at each phase. First phase is just the page itself mocked up
    in a manner that looks good. Then I plan for the log on page next, and then finally
    moving onto the game and logic once everything is laid out. Each of these
    phases will be it's own commit.
-   Do you plan to attempt any of the bonuses?
    Mainly I would like this to work as a multiplayer across devices. Ideally, I
    want to be able to have to players log in separately at any given time to post
    their next move.
You may want to submit pictures for your wireframes and/or user stories.
[Markdown Cheatsheet](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet)
has instructions to link to a picture you've uploaded to a service like [Imgur](http://imgur.com/).
